Add SMS based password recovery configuration support to password recovery connector. (#5808)
wso2/identity-apps: .changeset/quick-pears-impress.md

---
"@wso2is/features": minor
"@wso2is/console": patch
---

> Adds sms otp configurations for the password recovery connector editor page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add SMS OTP configurations for the password recovery connector edit page.
```
